README.md, before:

## About

A zero-conf development server to static files over HTTPS, in the mold of Python's [SimpleHTTPServer](https://docs.python.org/2/library/simplehttpserver.html).

**Installation & Usage:**

Prereqs: [Node >8](http://nodejs.org) and [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org)

1. Install: `npm install static-https-server -g`
2. `cd` to the directory with your static files.
3. Run `static-https-server`

**Features:**

- Zero config: just run `static-https-server` in the directory with your static files and navigate to `localhost:9000`. *Because the certs it uses are self signed, you'll need to tell your browser that they're trusted.*
- Zero dependency: Uses only core Node libraries and sys calls to OpenSSL.
- Trust-Once: The certificates generated by `static-https-server` are valid for 48 hours. If you ran the app <24 hours ago, it will use those existing certificates. This prevents you from needing to trust new certificates every time you start the server.

**Options:**

You can specify the port for the server to listen on by passing an argument like this: `static-https-server 9001`. You can set options for Certificate Signing Requests (such as Common Name, Country, etc. ) by editing the `config.txt` file in the `certs` folder.

**Thanks:**
The static file server code was inspired heavily by [this StackOverflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/29046869)
and I used [this guide](https://matoski.com/article/node-express-generate-ssl/) to walk through adding SSL.

**Disclaimer:** Don't use this for anything other than local development, *obviously*.

Commit message:

Allow to set root folder
- Add handling of a second argument
- Add documentation
- Bump version

README.md, after:

## About

A zero-conf development server to static files over HTTPS, in the mold of Python's [SimpleHTTPServer](https://docs.python.org/2/library/simplehttpserver.html).

**Installation & Usage:**

Prereqs: [Node >8](http://nodejs.org) and [OpenSSL](https://www.openssl.org)

1. Install: `npm install static-https-server -g`
2. `cd` to the directory with your static files.
3. Run `static-https-server`

**Features:**

- Zero config: just run `static-https-server` in the directory with your static files and navigate to `localhost:9000`. _Because the certs it uses are self signed, you'll need to tell your browser that they're trusted._
- Zero dependency: Uses only core Node libraries and sys calls to OpenSSL.
- Trust-Once: The certificates generated by `static-https-server` are valid for 48 hours. If you ran the app <24 hours ago, it will use those existing certificates. This prevents you from needing to trust new certificates every time you start the server.

**Options:**

`static-https-server [port] [rootPath]`

You can specify the port for the server to listen on by passing an argument like this: `static-https-server 9001`.

You can specify the root path for the server: `static-https-server ./dist`.

You can specify both with the port first: `static-https-server 9001 ./dist`.

You can set options for Certificate Signing Requests (such as Common Name, Country, etc. ) by editing the `config.txt` file in the `certs` folder.

**Thanks:**
The static file server code was inspired heavily by [this StackOverflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/29046869)
and I used [this guide](https://matoski.com/article/node-express-generate-ssl/) to walk through adding SSL.

**Disclaimer:** Don't use this for anything other than local development, _obviously_.
